url://https://www.baeldung.com/swagger-2-documentation-for-spring-rest-api

Nowadays, front-end and back-end components often sperate a web application.
Usually, we expose APIs as a back-end component  for the front-end component or
third-party app integrations.

In such an scenario, it is essential to ahve propr specifications for teh back-end APIs.
At the same time, the API documentation should be informative, readable, and easy to follow.


What is Swagger ?
==========================================================
Swagger is a project that was donated to the OpenAPI Initiative, where it is now 
referred to as OpenAPI.  Both names are used interchangeably; however, 
OpenAPI is preferred.

It allows both computers and humans to understand the capabilities of a service without
any direct access to the implementation(source code, network access, documentation).
One goal is to minimize the amount of work needed to connect  
disassociated services.  Another goal is to reduce the amount of time
needed to accurately document a service.




Swagger specification (swagger.json)
====================================================================
The core to the Swagger flow of logic is the Swagger specification----
by default, a document named swagger.json


It is generated by the Swagger tool chain(or third party implementations of it)
based on your service.  It describes the capbabilities of
your API andhow to access it with HTTP.  it drives the Swagger UI and is used
by the tool chain to enable discovery and client code generation.  Here is an 
example of a Swagger specification, reduced for brevity:


{
   "swagger": "2.0",
   "info": {
       "version": "v1",
       "title": "API V1"
   },
   "basePath": "/",
   "paths": {
       "/api/Todo": {
           "get": {
               "tags": [
                   "Todo"
               ],
               "operationId": "ApiTodoGet",
               "consumes": [],
               "produces": [
                   "text/plain",
                   "application/json",
                   "text/json"
               ],
               "responses": {
                   "200": {
                       "description": "Success",
                       "schema": {
                           "type": "array",
                           "items": {
                               "$ref": "#/definitions/TodoItem"
                           }
                       }
                   }
                }
           },
           "post": {
               ...
           }
       },
       "/api/Todo/{id}": {
           "get": {
               ...
           },
           "put": {
               ...
           },
           "delete": {
               ...
   },
   "definitions": {
       "TodoItem": {
           "type": "object",
            "properties": {
                "id": {
                    "format": "int64",
                    "type": "integer"
                },
                "name": {
                    "type": "string"
                },
                "isComplete": {
                    "default": false,
                    "type": "boolean"
                }
            }
       }
   },
   "securityDefinitions": {}



Swagger UI
=========================================================================
The Swagger UI offers a web-based UI that provides information about the 
service,using the generated Swagger specification.





}
